!!!This version only run on google colab. So please insert the code in different cells in colab for testing.!!!

Project description:
    This Neural SDE amis to learn and predict the next trading day open, high, low, close price and volumn of Invesco NASDAQ 100 ETF (QQQM) only,
so no input box is included in this version, it may be added in the future version.

Model description:
    In this Neural SDE, I use two MLP with latent space and Spectral Normalization (P and Q) and a Diffusion model in side the leapfrog integrator to simulate a Hamiltonian System with noise.
Since I add diffusion model inside, I also added a Monte Carlo simulation to get the range of prediction.

    The input is [open price, high price, low price, close price, volumn, the time interval between previous trade day and next trade day ],
I use Log-Return then multiply them with 100 for normalizing the open, high, low, close price, Log(1+x) then divide it by 15 for normalizing the volumn, divide the time interval with 10.
After the map-in MLP map the data from 6 dimention to 10 dimention, the data will be splited in to two 5 dimention vector then feed into P and Q inside leapfrog.
The Diffusion model will add noise to the output of P after drift in the Kick-Drift-Kick. After integration, output from P and Q will concat as the integration output (10D vector), then feed into 
the map-out MLP and map the ouput back to 5D vector.

    I do not save any data during forward pass, I calculate the forward result during backward pass, it is memory-friendly.

Observasion:
    In this version, I found that the prediction of the SDE network not yet capture the geomery of the price candles, which 
after Monte Carlo simulation, the low price prediction may sometimes higher than the high price in some prediction. From physical 
perspective, this suggested that the Hamiltonian energy surface cannot capture the geomery of the finance candles.

    While the SDE excels at capturing time-series momentum, it lacks the spatial constraints inherent to financial candles.

Future version:
    I will add more input features like MACD and RSI to allow the model to learn and capture the geomery of finance candles, and 
able to run on other platform and environment.

Important note:
    I am not a professional Quant, do not take this model prediction as your trading decision.

libraies used:
    Numpy, yfinance, pandas, pandas_market_calendars, datetime, zoneinfo
    please install these libraries before run the model if you have not installed.

!!!This version only run on google colab. So please insert the code in different cells in colab for testing.!!!
